- you know,
- i mean
- like
- what am i trying to say
- every single, alright i got this. it's an easy question.
- well i think~
- few days ago, absolutely
- something like that?
- i really like it
- it's just right for me
- this is one of my pleasures
- definitely, totally, unfortunately, 
- just talking about it makes me wanna call up my friend and go there again
- accepted
- usually, whenever i try to ~~ need to ~~~
- it makes me feel so good to lie in my bed and do nothing
- like i told you before
- overall << 결론 말할 때
- you know, my favorite is my bedroom
- i had no choice but to ~
- i know how important it is to ~~ (follow the rules)
- it might make you cry
- he is so lively
- you know i really need to grind
- just for fun
- they're seen as (always being in a rush to get somewhere)
- i think there are a number of things
- i think for one, there is ~
- i'm literally such a big fan of
- and so on...
- i wanted to see
- i especialy love this restaurant called ' ~~~~ '
- it's the first time i've ever been to this coffee shop.
- id really k waht to tell you about myself
- 속도가 아니고 계속 멈추지않고 ㄱㄱ
- these days i'm really into ~
- u know what ?^^
- so far~ 지금까지
- that's all i have to say about ms
- that's why i love going there
- i felt like going to the bathroom
- i was shocked to 
- what you have to realize is that ~
- this made my blood boil to the max
- i couldn't believe how can he do this to me
- what am i saying...
- he apologized for for being stupid~
- we made up in the end
- whenever i got extra 천원, i'd put it in my piggy bank. in order to buy ~~~ 
- but i can't say for certain
- known for~ ~로 유명하다.
- my friends and i went there for the first time after the class
- i would have to say
- i would say
- pricey 비싸다
- it's funny because
- we didn't even think about 
- 먼말인지 이해하겟징? 알겟징? if you know what i mean
- not feeling well. 몸이안좋다.
- i didn't do anything much, all i do is
- when i was a child, whenever i had free time.
- at the time, during those times, back then
- i found it so annoying
- i decided to
- i think i'm starting to get old
- luckily
- what is for certain is that 결론
- it was fuckin awesome
- OK ANYWAY.... , honestly..
- i think overall, overall 결론 할때 걍 말햇던거 다시 말하삼 i can't live without it.
- everyone owns a smartphone
- its part of our life, you know
- before we catch some z's
- i'm talking about
- i was worknig on it
- we're definitely depended on it ;;
- connected to every single part of our life
- 할말이 없으면 결론으로 가버려라.
- these days.. it allows us to do

## 도입부 팁

- i actually think hotels are just amazing here in korea
- when i was in my elementary days
- ok.. where do i begin
- uhm.. ok i got the perfect story to tell you
- hmm the first coffee shop that i've ever been to....
- well i guess people usually ~
- uhm how can i explain this
- i'll be talking about ~~~~

## 자기소개 팁

재밌게 해라 ㅇㅇ 진부하게 하지말고

- i absolutely love coffee
- i can't get enough of it
- u know when i woke up i drank some coffee just before this test i drank some coffee
- and right after the test im sure you can guess what i will do
- i am totally addicted to coffee and you know that is all you need to know about me
- i already told you in my introduction that i ~
- alone ~~ because i tend to be alone, you know being alone makes you save energies, you don't have to talk a lot  
- if you know what i mean? yeah?
- i don't even know exactly what it is lol

## 길게 말하기

- Which
- Beacuse
- REally
- Since
- i love dogs because they are so cute which is important to me.
- i'm not really that hungry
- i can communicate with people **all around the world**
- but these days ... it's a totally different story
- i had this tiny little(pretty big) phone which i don't even know which company it was from

## 에바와 대화하기

- literally
- you 단어를 많이 사용
- i have to tell you this story related to my airpods.
- you definitely have heard of apple's airpods right?
- i got to tell you ~~
- embarrassed
- as soon as i ~
- i was not able to
- finally
- all over the world
- unpleasant mean rude
- i learned an important lesson
- way better
- that's pretty often.
- that be even better~
- keep it simple. that's pretty good
- 대충 내용 설명 : so jay, i heard that you had your first day of dance lessons.
- 첫 질문하기, 상대방의 말을 보여주기. really???? are you serious? for real?, thats interesting
- 나를 포함시키기 i've always wanted to learn hip hop dancing
- 질문하고 **상대방의말을 보여주고 리액션하기** >> 나를 포함시키기.
- how many times do you go there in a week?
- maybe i should ocme with you
- you are gonna pay for me too??
- i have no excuse not to come.
- its not what i expected before i came
- so can we just go now?
- how about we tell her that i'm not feeling well, so you have to take me out to the hospital or something.
- would that work for you? ok Thank you lets go
- well i don't know about this class
- 이게 무슨일이지? 이렇게하면어떄?? 이건??
- would it be possible to refund?
- could you guys change the color??
- 다행이다 what a relief !
- honestly just i love it so good

---

## 여행

hmm traveling...

about 2 years ago , my wife and i decided to go on a spontaneous trip to toronto canada.

it was during the winter, and i remember specifically as soon as we set foot on its soil..

that toronto felt like a freezer it was just so terribly cold. 

and i guess that is why they were wearing thick furry coats.

i guess the only good thing about a city being so cold is that the air itself was just so crisp it was so fresh

um even though the city was so cold, the people were definitely not cold hearted

they were just so kind and warm actually.

anyway, overall i would say that even though this trip was so cold the people there made it so warm

MP : 작년에 토론토 갓다. 토론토 ㅈㄴ춥다. !!

----

## 메인포인트 말할 때 무엇에대해 말할거?? 좋앗냐 나빳냐 ? 감정에 대해 >> 이유 ? 



